**Day 1:** 3/14/2024 This folder entails ML algorithm which I used. I have also classified them as beginer to advanced. I will be updating the file as I will move.\
**Day 2:** 3/15/2024 Updated with Multivariable Linear Regression.\
**Day 3:** 3/16/2024 Swotted on Onehot Encoding - Used Cars name as one of the categories and used OHE to convert categorical data into numerical values.\
**Day 4:** 3/18/2024 Practiced train and test split method. used library of sklearn and used model selection. I also watched the video on Logistic Regression and solved some of the examples and excercise.\
**Day 5:** 3/19/2024 Practiced multivariate classification. solved Iris and digits dataset from sklearn library.\
**Day 6:** 3/20/2024 Went through Decision Tree and implemented decision tree classifier on Titanic data and Salary data. Used Label Encoding to convert catergorical data into numerical values.\
**Day 7:** 3/21/2024 Completed SVM implementation, went through the concept of hyperplane in ndimensions with maximum margins. Also, understood the concept of gamma and Regularization(C) the importance of Low regularisation and best gamma number. Used different kernels in the whole process like rbf, linear. Implemented all these concpets using sklearn library of svm with SVC classifier. Used datasets like iris and digits from model selection sklearn library.\
**Day 8:** 3/22/2024 Revised all the concepts that I implemented - One hot Encodeing, Label Encoder, mapping.. Classification, Regression etc. Also implemented Ensemble method using sklearn.ensemble library and used confusion metrics from sklearn.metrics library. Under ensemble used random forest method.
